What hobbies do I enjoy?
I spend most of my spare time actively socialising with friends, attending parties, shopping, etc.
I enjoy watching and playing team sports

Do I prefer spending time indoors or outdoors?
I spend most of my spare time actively socialising with friends, attending parties, shopping, etc.


Do I enjoy working with people, animals, data or books?
Being around a group of people gives me energy

What activities would I miss the most if I could no longer do them?
I cannot stay home for long period of times.
I enjoy watching and playing team sports


Hard skills - skills you’ve acquired through study, such as culinary arts or computer programming.
I would rather cook than go eat out in a restaurant.
I am very good with computers

Soft skills - the people and life skills you possess, including teamwork and time management.
I improvise based on my past experience rather than looking for theoretical understanding 
I am comfortable working with ambiguous or incomplete information/data and guessing its meaning.
When making a decision, I usually search for facts and logic rather than considering my feelings and the impact on others. 
I tend to do things last minute.

Are you a leader or followers?
I like to work around targets, deadlines and routines for managing my life.
I am inclined to experiment rather than follow familiar approaches.
Being around a group of people gives me energy


Do you prefer to work alone or in a group?
I prefer one-to-one conversations and relationships as opposed to a wide variety and change in people and relationships.
I don't feel at ease in a crowd.
Being around a group of people gives me energy
I quickly get involved in the social life of a new workplace

Do you prefer to cooperate or compete with others?
Being around a group of people gives me energy
I am inclined to experiment rather than follow familiar approaches.

Do you enjoy helping others or prefer to empower them to do things themselves?

Are you a thinker who focuses on ideas or are you a doer who takes action?
It is essential for me to try things with my own hands.

Are you a creative and artistic person or do you thrive with structure and routine?
I like to work around targets, deadlines and routines for managing my life.
I take pleasure in putting things into order.
I am inclined to experiment rather than follow familiar approaches.

What are my values?

What education or training do I need?

Are there jobs available in this career?

How much money do I want to make?

Where do I want to live?